So next, we want to add this dotted line, as you see there.
It's really small, but you can see there is that dotted dotted line.
We don't have a baked that would do that, so we have to create our own.
Now the beauty here is that to drive things onto the screen, right to actually move the pixels around
and create customize to create customized composable such as this, it's really simple in compose as
they will show you.
So what are we going to do?
Here is where we call after a question tracker.
This is where we're going to add the dotted line.
So what I'm going to do is, yes, you guessed it, I'm going to create yet another composable.
So this composable here and I say at composable that and then let's call name this.
It's going to be drier.
Dotted line in in this case, we have to pass what we call the path effect, which I will show you in
a second here, so it is indeed a type there in composable.
We can also make this preview so we can hopefully see something as we go there.
Let's go ahead and put this together.
So how do we then dry what we are looking to dry, which is going to be a dotted line?
So I'm going to go ahead and say canvas, make sure we get the canvas that has this EF four a function
and is green for a composable.
That's very important, right?
So this canvas here, as you see, if you hover over or look at the documentation, there's a few parameters
we pass that we have to own dry, which is a dry scope where we can drive things, of course, as a
composable can pass, modify as well.
So a component that allow you to specify an area on the screen and performs canvas drawing on this area.
So it says here we must specify size with modifier.
OK.
So that's the first requirement, and we shall do that.
So let's say modifier fill max with as such.
And then on right now, because on dry, we could just go ahead and create a lambda there.
But because we know its last function type that is parameter has been passed so we can actually invoke
the trailing lambda as they so we get our dry scope are good.
So here is where are we going to be drawing?
Let's go ahead and close this so we have more space here.
All right.
So what is are we going to do?
Well, before we do anything, let's continue adding something else here with our modifier.
So I want the height of these to be around one dpi because remember, if you look at the structure here,
the height is really small.
We don't have a lot of height because it's really, really small like thin.
That is all right.
So height one, that's fine.
OK, so let's go ahead and draw to draw.
Well, first of all, we know that we need a line before anything, just the line.
All right.
Well, can we draw a line?
Yes.
Turns out there is already a function we can call to draw a line.
All you have to do inside of this draw scope, we can say draw.
Look at this can draw an arc circle image of Oval has points and so forth.
Right.
I want to draw a line like this and look at how wonderful this we can pass the brush, start, offset
and offset or color.
So we have a few overload functions here, right?
So I'm going to create the pick the second one.
So I'm going to pass the color.
What color do I want?
Well, we just want that white colour, so we see colors and get the light gray section.
And then I'm going to say, Start, where am I going to start passing to offset?
So offset for our offset here, let's go ahead and import offset looks like we got the wrong offset.
Let's start over.
Because this happens to offset.
This one.
OK, so for X y x, we just going to say zero f, right?
And for Y is going to be also zero f so.
So X and Y direction, we're not moving at all.
OK, so stays in one point now for end offset.
I guess I'm going to pass into the offset x y.
So I'm going to say size that with OK, and the wider action is just going to be such as Y.
It's fine zero f for like this.
And if you hover over, that's the beauty.
If you want to learn more about this function, abstract function here we can see all of the parameters
or all of the arguments we can pass.
We have color start the offset, right and offset and so forth says this function draws a line between
the given points.
Using the given paint, the line is stroked.
OK, so the parameters color, we know what that is.
Start first point of the line to be drawn.
And second point and stroke with cap.
We have path effect, which we're going to pass, which is optional effect of pattern to apply to the
line.
And we can even pass the alpha, the opacity to be applied to the color and so forth.
All right.
So next here we're going to pass is going to be the path effect.
The path effects effect is going to be the path effect that we're going to be creating here.
Now I could actually create this path effect right inside of this function, right?
But I won't do that because we may want to create different kinds of path effects if you have over it,
says effect.
Apply to the geometry of drawing primitive.
For example, this can be used to draw shapes as a dashed or a shaped pattern or apply treatment around
the line, say, intersection and so forth.
OK, so there are different kinds of effects we can use.
It's like a click there's corner effect that we can use.
There is Dash Path Effect, which is one we can use.
We're going to be using.
There is change pad effects.
There's different kinds of fact.
So where this is going to be called, well, we're going to call that right after a question.
So I'm going to say dotted dotted line in for our effect here.
And for a path effect at the top here, I'm going to create a foul path effect, and when I create one
was a path effect.
All of that is given folks and say that I wanted the dash path effect is that.
And then when I pass a float, a rate of 10 f.
And 10 f such.
And then what phase is going to be?
And zero f, so to learn more, we can just hover over a dash path effect and you can see here we passed
the intervals.
The float array sort of interval is 10 f 10 f.
That's interval, we're going to add.
And then we have a phase float, which is going to say zero.
Now, we don't understand why that means it's OK.
We can just come here and continue.
It says that intervals is an array of on and off distances for the dash line segments, right?
It's wonderful because even explains exactly what these parameters mean.
Look, it says, for example, if intervals is 10 20 and phases 25, this will set up a dashed path
like so five pixels off 10 pixels on 10 pixels of 10 pixels on Twin Peaks, us off and so forth.
Right.
So here was saying 10 pixels on, 10 pixels off.
If you look correctly, it's going to be the first that's going to be 10 pixels, then another 10 pixels
off, then another one, 10 pixels on and so forth.
That's what creates a dash.
Isn't it wonderful?
And of course, you can go ahead and change these values so you can see how the effects are changed?
All right.
So now we have that path effect.
We're going to pass here.
Ike's path.
In fact, like this.
Now remember, because the name of this vowel is the same as the parameter.
I could just go ahead and remove this altogether and just pass the pass.
The fact that's fine.
All right.
So if you go back to a split code here, we should be able hopefully to see something there.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
All right.
And just like that, you can see there is that effect there, the dashes looking really good make this
probably smaller.
It's hard to see when it's that small and you can see there is.